Expand and re-organize InfluxDB Enterprise authn and authz docs (#3330)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/administration/manage/security/permissions.md

---
title: Enterprise users and permissions

> description: Overview of user management and security in InfluxDB Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Overview of user roles and permissions in InfluxDB Enterprise.
```
